Update on main page (#45)
bump-sh/docs: docs/help/specifications-support/markdown-support.md

With files `docs/introduction.md`, `docs/getting-started.md`, `docs/use-cases.md` and `docs/use-cases-examples.md` right next to your contract document, you will be able to generate a comprehensive API documentation with nicely formatted content for your users.

> It's a great way to include “Topic” sections with handwritten content before the documentation of endpoints/webhooks (or channels in case of an [AsyncAPI](https://www.asyncapi.com/) contract) in dedicated Markdown files. Thanks to the `x-topics` top-level property in your contract as [explained in the dedicated help page](help/specifications-support/openapi-support.md).

Reviewer: This link should link to the new page shouldn't it?

```suggestion
It's a great way to include “Topic” sections with handwritten content before the documentation of endpoints/webhooks (or channels in case of an [AsyncAPI](https://www.asyncapi.com/) contract) in dedicated Markdown files. Thanks to the `x-topics` top-level property in your contract as [explained in the dedicated help page](help/doc-topics.md).
```
